I can't read it wrong, right?
Isn't that loyalty?
What a nonsense
How did he get in?
We're still the top card
The top card is the VIP seat
I'm not qualified to do it
What should I do?
Fucha, who allowed you to sit here?
What qualifications do you have to sit in such an important position?
Lao Tzu belongs to the original gentleman
Nothing.
No one is more qualified to sit here than this handsome
At this time, you are still here to join without rate
You're a waste, talented, and addicted, aren't you?
I can prove that he is Long Shuai
You are a waste of a third-tier family
I really thought I'd let go of this rubbish thigh from before
You can make it big.
You are enough
It will be exposed later
You two die together
Everybody, listen to me.
This person sitting here is called the minister
Is a complete waste
He's not Zheng Haijun at all
Long Shuai
I'm not qualified to sit on such an important top card
What's so hard
Lord Ma
You still don't know this trash impersonating Long Shuai
Detention sabotages admissions conference
Is Long Shuai home? You forgot
Long Shuai is fake
We won't invest